Update readme to remove outdated information - Closes #5997 and #5999 (#6008)
LiskHQ/lisk-sdk: elements/lisk-transactions/README.md

# @liskhq/lisk-transactions

> @liskhq/lisk-transactions is containing utility functions related to transactions according to the Lisk protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@liskhq/lisk-transactions contain utility functions related to transactions according to the Lisk protocol
```
